# nostrkid

a nostr-native app for kids!

NOSTRKID APP AND WEB CLIENT
  
  - Free and Open Source.

  - Dedicated relays only accessible to kids. 

  - No public or paid "adult" relays available in app or web. 

  - Bitcoin and Nostr - centric educational content (build workshops, financial, etc.)

  - Security provided by several verification NIPS for child and  guardian.


WHY WE NEED THIS:

Technology has made information, socialization, and education readily available and easy to distribute.  Unfortunately, very few, if any, quality options exist for children to safely access these environemts.
No matter the space, there is always the potential liability of children being harassed and bullied by others. Exposing children to the centralized marketing and data collecting tactics which have dominated the first generations of the internet should not be accepted by future generations.  

WHAT IS NOSTR (Notes and Other Stuff Transmitted by Relay)?

Nostr is a censorship resistant,  open source protocol. 
Users of the protocol post notes (and other stuff) to a decentralized network of relays using a nostr ready app or web based client.  Relays making up the network can be public or private, free or paid.  The many ways to access relays on the network creates opportunities for highly specialized groups to form.  Using nostr in this way, an app could be  designed to allow for social interaction and education specifically geared toward kids.


ECOSYSTEM OVERVIEW

USERS:

  - All users and guardians need to acquire NIP-05 verification from nostrkid.com and associated relay (this may include a fee).

  - Kid users who have been verified will have read and write permissions on the nostrkid relay.

  - Users can run any client they wish to interact with the nostrkid relay.  A dedicated kidnostr app would only allow nostrkid relays to be added 


RELAYS:

  - Relays can be local, regional, national, or global.  
  
  - Only relays compliant with nostrkid verification will be added to the list of kid relays available.

  - Relay operators share in fees generated by the nostrkid network based on number of users per relay. 

  - Individual relay operators will work together to:

      - Maintain connectivity within the nostrkid network

      - Ensure data is shared safely and efficiently accross many relays.

      - Code of conduct violations & revoked relay access capabilities.

      - Strategy to push qualified content to the master global feeds of nostr.

      - Promote kids Bitcoin projects or efforts

      - Boost stories of kids doing great things.

NOSTRKID.COM:

  - First verification for all potential users and guardians of the platform.  (The method of safely and efficiently doing this is incomplete)

  - Development of application and management of user experience.

  - Maintain the fallback relay for users in the event there are no other relays for users to connect to.

  - Ensure all educational content being posted to relays is appropriate.

  - Provide the organizational structure for the network to grow in a decentralized way

